# Priorityignore

A simple program to show/hide priorities.

## Documentation A couple of weeks ago, I read an article in the
Harvard Business Review entitled Two Lists You Should Look At Every
Morning[1]. The first is the usual priority list: everything you care
about, that you want to spend your attention span on.  The other, even
more important list, is everything you will ignore: everything that
distracts you, saps your time, that takes you away from your
achievements.  To make a list of everything you do that, ultimately,
doesn't make you happy.

It was a solid idea, and I thought it would make a good variation on
RightNow!, my last "priority manager" that keeps list of everything
you care about.  Like RightNow, Priority/Ignore uses your browser's
localstore to store its data: nothing is stored here, or anywhere
else, and every browser will have its own local store.  If you use
more than one browser, this may present a problem, but most people
have one browser per device, and these lists shouldn't be that long.

This is mostly a tech demo for various JS tools.  It is probably one
of the cleanest framework for developing webapps I've ever written,
and is likely to be the template I use for developing for the next
year: Grunt, Mocha, Zombie, Coffee, Haml, Less.  

There's an Easter Egg in the code.  After installing, try typing in
"Defeat the Empire" or "Master the Force" as priorities and see what
happens.

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Elf M. Sternberg  
Licensed under the CC-Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license.

I chose this license because this is more like content than coding.  

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing
coding style.

